It's going to burn. Flip it.
What time is her bus?
7pm.
She must be on it now.
Is Ji Ho immigrating to Europe?
What's the fuss about her going back home?
It takes 4 hours to Namhae and 3 hours if we drive fast.
It's not that.
It was really hard for Ji Ho to move to Seoul.
She got into university in one go and moved then.
Even if she gets into Harvard, it's no use...
if her parents won't let her go.
Why wouldn't they?
Ji Ho wasn't allowed to go anywhere else...
other than Namhae National University.
Her dad said it costs too much for Seoul.
Really? Then how did she come to Seoul?
The thing is, Ji Ho...
- is a little crazy. - Crazy.
Ji Ho? She's the nicest person I know.
You must not know her yet.
(10 years ago)
This isn't too bad.
Her dad had a philosophy.
If she can't become a judge or a prosecutor,
the only other option was becoming a teacher.
But her marks weren't good enough for Seoul National University law.
(Seoul National University, College of Law)
Her dream was to become a writer since she was young.
That's why she decided to try for Korean literature.
That's why she brought it up while having dinner.
Dad.
I want to study Korean...
What?
Her dad flipped over the table.
No way. How did she persuade him?
Persuade him?
I told you, she's crazy.
She registered herself without anyone knowing.
The day before the first day,
(Namhae to Seoul)
she ran away from home at night.
(Namhae National University of Education)
Okay, bye.
(Where are you? I'm in front of your school. Come out.)
Until she finished her first semester,
her dad thought Ji Ho was attending Namhae University.
She really is crazy.
I thought Soo Ji was the crazy one.
No, Soo Ji just has a bad personality.
Ji Ho...
always surprises you at the most unexpected times.
The driver won't wait long because he's upset.
So give me a quick answer.
Okay.
Will you...
marry me?
Hurry. He's waiting.
Okay.
Then I'll go unload my luggage.
He's very upset.
Look.
I have something to ask before then.
Go ahead.
By any chance,
do you like me?
No.
Bring out your stuff. I'll wait inside.
I noticed that you washed the instant noodle bowl.
Yes, it's a habit.
You have a really good habit.
Thank you.
- There's a seat. Sit down. - No, you sit.
It's okay, you sit.
Give me your bag.
- Your hair looks good. - Doesn't it?
- I'm hot. - Are you?
You should sit.
You can sit first.
That's okay.
I'm on my way...
to get married to my landlord.
My conditions haven't changed.
Do you have any objections?
No, not to your conditions.
Is there something you want to add?
As you know, I had to quit work.
Until I find a new job,
I need some adjustment to the rent.
Would you be able to lower the rent?
How much were you thinking?
About 50 dollars.
If you could give me the discount,
it wouldn't be too much for me.
Okay. Let's do that.
We'll make our contract 250 dollars a month.
Okay. Thank you.
Are you sure you can handle it?
I'm talking about the marriage.
It might be more economical at this state...
to go back home.
No.
Even if I go back, I still have to find a job.
On top of that, I'll have conflicts with Dad.
The only difference would be the rent.
There wouldn't be anything better than Seoul.
There are no jobs either.
It looks like the stress level is beyond the rental fee.
However, I was surprised.
I thought you considered marriages to be based on love.
It was very unexpected...
when you chose this marriage based on tenancy.
Well...
Just like you said,
love and affection...
aren't something I need for at least two years.
What I need right now is that room.
I decided to marry my tenant today.
I know.
It's not a choice an ordinary person would make.
To be honest,
I really wanted...
to try it once.
Marriage.
I found...
Did you sort the recycling this week?
a very unusual woman as my wife.
(Episode 4: Because This Is My First Marriage)
I...
slept so well.
Good morning.
Hello.
Do you want some?
I made a little too much for breakfast.
I'm okay. A cup of americano is good enough for breakfast.
Okay.
It's so delicious.
The food and the night too.
I haven't had such a sweet morning in a long time.
It's just as the saying goes.
I can hardly support myself.
How can I date and love in this state?
I don't even have 5,000 dollars for a deposit.
Thanks to this marriage, I got a 50-dollar discount.
How much would that amount to in two years?
What a great choice, Ji Ho.
I feel so comfortable. Both Kitty and I.
It's been so long since I had such a peaceful weekend.
I don't have to suffer through blind dates...
and get stressed about recycling.
By giving a 50-dollar discount, I gained such a valuable serenity.
I used an egg.
I'll refill it later.
Okay.
Yes. Marrying my tenant was the answer.
Yes, it's me.
What? Was that today?
Oh. Okay.
I'll come this evening.
Okay. Have a safe trip.
Okay.
Is it your parents?
Yes. There is a wedding, so they're coming to Seoul.
I think I'll have to go to my brother's tonight.
Then should I come with you?
Pardon? Why?
If we're getting married, I should say hello.
That's true.
We should do those things if we're getting married.
Yes. I arranged the process last night.
Okay.
(Process for two-year tenancy marriage)
(Wedding process)
(Meet the parents, wedding hall, dress, photoshoot, honeymoon...)
Are we doing all of that?
What you see now is an ordinary wedding.
If it's a wedding based on love,
these are the procedures one must go through.
As for us, we can skip it all.
We just need to focus on this. That's all we need to do.
Okay. Will you come today then?
I think that would be efficient.
If it's too sudden...
No, let's go today.
Okay.
- Goodbye. - Bye.
- Seul Gi. - Yes?
You took the wrong order down for table 13, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
I'm sorry. I won't make the same mistake.
That's impossible.
Pardon?
Of course you'll make mistakes when you're training.
Just tell me when you do, so I can take care of it.
Yes, ma'am.
There's a reservation on table three, so go set it up.
Okay.
What's this? You didn't tell me.
I'm going to get mad at you.
We had five bottles of makgeolli last night because of you.
That's why I came right away.
So? Are you moving back in as housemates?
Yes, we're like housemates, but...
It's a long story.
The three of us should meet.
Did you tell Soo Ji? What did she say?
I called her. She told me we should just drink.
She can drink more after that?
Is she a rabbit? She must have spare lungs.
What is that? Meat? Beef?
This? I have to go somewhere after.
Now that I look at it, you look different today.
You even have a bag.
What is this?
You look like you're going to meet someone important.
Ji Ho.
What?
Are you meeting a new writer?
Yes.
Great idea.
There are many writers in the world.
It'd be a waste for you to quit because of them.
Ho Rang. I have a question to ask you.
What?
When a guy is meeting a girl's parents,
what should the guy say to impress the parents?
Like... If he was trying to get their permission for marriage.
Why do you want to know that?
Well...
Is it for a line in the drama?
Is the new writer testing you?
I'm the expert in stuff like this.
I know, right?
You arrived early.
Yes.
The bus is coming. Shall we go?
Okay.
Will there be any other issues that I should be aware of...
other than those three?
There's one variable.
My younger brother can get a bit out of control.
What do you mean, out of control?
Never mind. I'll take care of him, so don't worry.
You just need to be careful in talking to my dad.
Okay. I'll keep those three ways in mind.
If...
all the three ways don't work out,
you'll have to use another means.
And what is that?
You might not like this idea.
You know, I got some advice from my friend...
because she's the expert in marriage.
These are the crucial comments to win your father-in-law's favor.
The first one is, "I won't let her do any harsh work in her life."
The second one is, "I'll make sure she becomes a madam."
The third one is, "I'll serve her like a princess all my life."
The fourth one is, "I'll love her until the day I die."
This... This actually works?
Yes, maybe.
No, I'll stop this from happening no matter what.
Ji Ho.
You got so fine after moving out.
- These clothes seem new. - No, they're not.
- I haven't seen this bag either. - Stop it.
I don't think so.
- And a new guy. - Gosh, I've had...
Well, he's my boyfriend. Say hi.
It's nice to meet you. I'm Nam Se Hee.
Hello, I'm Yoon Ji Seok.
- Mom and Dad are home, right? - Right.
You haven't had dinner yet, right?
Come in.
Hurry in.
It's not bad.
- He doesn't seem that out of... - Mom! Dad!
Ji Ho brought a man, and he has both arms and legs.
- Go out and check. - What?
- Mom, hurry! - What?
I'm telling you the truth. It's for real.
Hurry.
You don't like crab doenjang soup?
It was boiled down with huge crabs.
It's not something that you can have in Seoul.
Pardon?
He wants you to eat a lot.
I see. Thank you for the food.
Let me pour you a glass.
Sure.
My family is very patriarchal.
All you need to do is win my dad's favor.
Remember just three things.
First, drink the first shot at once.
- Pour me a drink too. - Yes, sir.
So what do you do for a living?
I'm working as a top designer and CTO...
at a start-up company which develops a social networking service.
Secondly, you must always keep your answer short.
If it gets longer than two sentences, he doesn't listen.
I'm working at an IT company.
IT?
What kind of IT?
It's about developing a mobile application.
I see.
Is it an outsourcing company?
Lastly, if he demands some kind of explanation,
give an example of something very famous.
So we develop something like...
a messenger which a lot of people use to chat.
Is that so?
Where is your company?
It's located in a place called, Co-working Space.
It's between the office buildings of Samsung and LG.
It's located in a hot area.
So he works at a nice company.
All those conglomerates have gone less influential.
Developing mobile messengers and social media...
is called the real business these days.
If he gets excited and continues talking,
you can say you've almost cleared the mission.
Those cars drive on their own even if you do nothing.
They drive themselves.
It's what we call the fourth industrial revolution.
They really drive themselves.
Really.
Stop it and have your meal.
You put too many amberjacks in the soup.
Well, Dad.
So...
We...
want to get married.
- Goodness. - My gosh.
Get married?
Well...
I know it's so sudden,
but both of us are of age to marry someone.
We think it's best to get married sooner than later.
Are you pregnant?
Abe?
No, that's not it.
Why is he bringing up Shinzo Abe?
So he's wondering...
- if I'm pregnant with your baby. - What?
No, that's never the case.
Of course, we're sharing our living space,
but we protect each other's privacy.
Do you live together?
Does it mean your housemate is your boyfriend?
What?
You live with him?
- Dad. - Are you saying...
- you two are living together now? - Dad, hear me out.
I didn't raise you to behave this way.
I let you move out to Seoul, and how could you do such a thing?
- You live together? - Stop it and sit down.
Are you out of your mind?
Should I lock you up in that room?
I think you're mistaken.
We're living together not in that sense.
What? You live together?
Did you just say that?
I'm trying to correct your misunderstanding.
Please hear me out.
How dare you run that mouth of yours?
Shall I make a scene here?
I will...
I will never let your daughter's hands get wet.
It's so nice and cozy.
You might get sick of this sofa even before you buy it.
Of course not. I already thought of how to decorate my house with it.
I wondered why you weren't coming today.
The sofa will arrive in next week.
I see.
Seul Gi, you bought this?
Yes.
Didn't you say your house was small?
Does it have enough space for this?
I'm moving to another house.
I'm actually getting married next month.
- What? - Really?
- Congratulations. - It's great to hear.
I'm sorry, Ms. Yang.
About what?
Why are you sorry to me?
I know you want to buy this.
They said they had only one left.
I was going to go for another one,
but my boyfriend wanted it so much.
Why are you making a big deal out of it?
It's okay. I can always buy something else.
I should go now.
I'll see you guys tomorrow.
- Bye. - Bye.
Take care.
- That's great news. - Where did you meet him?
(Gongwon Supermarket)
- Hello? - Won Seok.
Can you come pick me up?
Why is it so noisy there? Where are you?
I'm outside. I met Sang Goo.
Why are you telling me that now?
I thought you were going to the company's dinner.
I didn't go. I wanted to have dinner with you.
Really?
Could you wait for me a little bit then?
I'll leave here in 30 minutes.
I'm starving to death. How can I wait for 30 minutes?
Never mind. I'll just eat alone.
Ho Rang. Ho Rang!
Did you guys argue again?
What's with her these days?
You can talk to me about it.
I don't know what to talk about. That's why I'm so annoyed.
- Give it to me. - What?
Your phone. Let this expert analyze the data for you. It's free.
Don't worry about it. I'm the one who knows her the most.
It's up to you.
Right. Let me see...
"I love you." "What are you doing?"
"I have a day off tomorrow."
"Let's eat baby octopus tomorrow."
"You shouldn't eat it when your stomach is empty."
- Some of them are a bit weird. - I see.
This is the picture.
"My coworker..."
"bought that couch..."
"for her new house."
"Good for Seul Gi."
"Congratulations!"
"Good for Seul Gi. Congratulations!"
Are you crazy?
What about it?
Are you not getting any metaphors of her messages?
She sent me a picture of herself. So I told her she was pretty.
And her coworker's getting married. So I said, "Congratulations!"
Should I have said something more?
Oh, my goodness. Take a look at this.
Do you think she just wanted to send the picture of herself?
How can you think it's about celebrating her coworker?
Can you not see what she tried to say,
stupid?
The couch?
Why did she have to talk about it like that though?
She could have just said she wanted to buy it.
Is there any space for it at your place?
You live in a small rooftop house.
Of course, she couldn't say anything about it to you.
How stupid you are!
Just open your mouth and have it.
That's why she's been talking about a house and a couch.
Well, let me tell you something really important.
Listen.
Girls never say what they want directly.
They never do that to guys. Literally, never.
They want to hear it from guys.
To hear what they want to hear,
they keep talking to their guys.
But they always beat around the bush.
It can be strong sometimes.
It can be cute sometimes.
But at the end, it will make you go crazy.
Are you getting it?
That's why someone like you always fails.
You are amazing.
You don't date someone with your looks. You need some skills.
You can also date someone with your looks.
You know me. I'm Ma Sang Goo.
I'm the Magical Sang Goo.
I'm that amazing.
The Magical Sang Goo!
Here you are. It's water.
Okay.
I will never...
I will never let your daughter's hands get wet.
It's water.
Are your knees okay?
I never wanted that to happen at all.
But if my dad flips the table over, that's the end of the conversation.
So I couldn't stop it.
But that made him trust you. At the end, it wasn't...
I wonder who made that expression.
"I will never let your daughter's hands get wet."
Do you think that's even possible?
There were many other options though.
That was the least strange one.
Good night.
(I hope this helps! Good luck, Ji Ho!)
Well, he is right.
How was the meeting?
Thanks to you, it went well. I appreciate your help.
Ji Ho, I'm really sad. I argued with Won Seok again.
Why?
I don't know. I'm exhausted.
I just want to end everything.
I'll go see you tomorrow. Let's eat together.
(My darling)
Are you sleeping, Ho Rang?
I'm sorry.
I know I haven't been a good boyfriend.
I should have understood you more.
What do you mean?
I'm sorry to make you wait so long.
I know what you want. I'll make it happen.
You must have been frustrated.
Don't cry.
Come here.
Go away, you stupid.
She bought the last couch.
Please forgive me.
- Will you? - Okay.
- Are you going to work now? - Yes.
This is how much I spent for your parents' gift yesterday.
I think we should split the payment.
Don't worry about it. I'll pay for it.
You had a rough time yesterday too.
How are your knees now?
I think...
you were pretty wise yesterday.
For our marriage, meeting parents is actually the most important part.
Because you made the right decision, it all went really well.
It was worth it despite what I had to do.
I'm glad you think that way.
I know.
I think I will tell my family about it today.
- Today? - Yes.
My family is strongly patriarchal too.
But it's like having two bosses with one of them assisting the other one.
Is your mom the assisting one?
Yes. That's why I'm trying to pass the ball to my mom first.
I see.
Could you please take a selfie with me?
Why do you need it?
It's more convincing than just sending them a text message.
I get it.
- We should take it again. - Okay.
Why don't you turn your phone around?
I can't press the button like this.
You can use the other hand.
I'm marrying this woman.
Aren't you having lunch?
After I answer the call.
No one's calling you.
She will soon.
(Mother)
[VIU Ver] E04 Because This is My First Life
"Because This is My First Marriage"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Gosh, I ate too much.
I can't believe you treated me to a meal.
Of course I should.
You even introduced me to investors.
Goodness, you dressed up so nicely.
You made up with your girlfriend, didn't you?
Well, I'm going to go buy it today.
Good thinking. How would you live your life like that?
You should work with whatever you have in your hands.
That's life.
Your tips helped me a lot.
Otherwise, I would have known nothing like an idiot.
You are the best advisor when it comes to women issues.
Hold on.
This is unit 303. When are you coming?
Do you have a girlfriend? Cigarette Light?
- What kind of name is this? - It's not my girlfriend.
That's the girl I met when she borrowed my light.
We went into room 303 that night right away.
Of a motel? What else?
I met her a few days ago, but she just ignored me.
She said she doesn't remember me.
- So? - So I threw a bait professionally.
She'll reply right away.
Unit 303? What are you talking about?
Then what will you say?
Isn't this Ji Eun's number?
I'm so sorry.
I thought it was Ji Eun because I saved it as unit 303.
- That's screwing her! - It is!
She's not the only one from unit 303.
Sun Young, Mi Ja, Sook Hee, and everyone's from unit 303. Darn her.
I think she's going to be really upset.
Learn from this.
Her anger will reach this high,
and she'll reply me after she completely loses herself.
I'm learning another tip.
- Let's go. - Yes, Master.
I had a message?
This is unit 303. When are you coming?
What is this idiot?
I told you not to drink too much.
Ms. Woo! Are you going home?
We're having a drink with Mr. Lee.
Oh, really? I didn't get a message.
I just got it too.
Then why don't you stay for a bit?
I have a really important meeting. I don't think I can go. I'm sorry.
What meeting? Who are you meeting?
Are you going on a date?
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are. Seeing how...
you put on a makeup and a nice dress says it all.
She has a boyfriend. A boyfriend.
I'll attend the next get-together.
See you tomorrow.
Okay then.
Don't go home too late. Don't drink!
Your mom will get worried.
Hey.
Do people at your company know you dress like this?
Why did you have to call me here? There was so much traffic.
You have to come along.
Your girlfriend works here. Why don't you just go with her?
No, I can't. I'm buying it secretly.
- What is it? - You'll see.
What's he doing here at this hour?
Is he here to take me home?
What's going on?
He didn't call me. Why are the two of them here?
- Hey. - Hey, where are you?
What? I'm in the office.
- You are? - Yes, is something wrong?
No, I just called to tell you I'm going home right away.
- Okay. See you. - Okay.
What's going on?
Are they...
No way.
I saw you two. Tell me honestly.
Won Seok got me something, didn't he?
Hey, pretend like you don't know.
Won Seok is preparing so much to surprise you.
You'll see when you go home later.
Okay, I'll get off work early today.
That's why you called me over.
Of course, I can't do this alone. It's too tiring.
Hey, Ho Rang will be really surprised when she sees this, right?
Her eyes will get so big from the surprise.
Put them back in if her eyes fall out.
What's the installment plan?
It's for 12 months. It's a really big deal for me.
Hey, I guess it really is.
She must have waited for a long time. It's the least I could do.
(Idiot)
What is it?
"Idiot"? Whose name is saved like that?
Some guy.
(Are you sure you want to block this friend?)
- Are you blocking him? - I already did.
Ji Eun, pick up my shirt on the way.
Young In, this is unit 303.
What's happening?
Why isn't she checking the message?
An e-mail came from HK. She sent the final report on the demo day.
- Who? - I can't remember the name.
Is it from Ms. Woo?
No, it was from Mr. Park Jin Ho.
Park... Park Jin Ho?
- Hello. - Hi.
That sofa must have been sold.
Oh, someone bought it even though it was a display.
What should you do?
You wouldn't be able to buy it elsewhere.
It's okay. When I move, I'll need something bigger anyway.
- Really? - Ms. Yang, are you moving?
I thought your contract isn't over yet.
I mean, I feel like I need to move before the contract is over.
Are you perhaps getting married?
Nothing's been decided yet.
But I think it's going to be soon.
- Really? - No way.
That's great then. You should catch my bouquet at my wedding.
Sure.
Ji Ho!
I was about to call you.
What's this? You bought a cake?
Won Seok told me to get one.
He said there's something to celebrate.
Is today a special day?
Won Seok did?
Won Seok, that dummy.
He's so bad at surprises.
Ji Ho, today...
Does that mean you two are...
It's a secret that I knew, okay?
I should act naturally surprised.
- How was it? Was it awkward? - It wasn't awkward.
Your eyes were about to fall out.
Hold on.
(Landlord)
I'll have to get this first. You go in.
Okay, hurry up.
Hello?
Ho Rang is coming up.
- Turn off the lights. - Turn off the lights? Okay.
Won Seok, why did you turn off all the lights?
Won Seok, are you not home?
- Ta-da! - Ta-da!
Her eyes are about to pop out.
What's this?
You're lost for words because you're too surprised, right?
I told you, her eyes are going to pop out.
Oh, that's great.
I was worried that your mother might not believe it.
Yes, it paid off to take a lot of selfies.
I'm going to tell my friends tonight too.
Oh, you mean your friends from high school?
Yes, I hesitated to tell because of this friend,
but I think she's going to get married before me.
That's great.
But this is too sudden.
So I don't know if they will believe me.
I'll send you our couple selfie that we took in the morning.
Why don't you try using that?
Oh, okay then.
Good night.
How am I supposed to use it?
Hey, Shim Won Seok!
Are you out of your mind? Are you crazy?
How can we put a sofa here?
But you wanted this sofa.
I made some space...
and took the last sofa from that store.
What's wrong this time?
What's the problem?
Are you playing Tetris or something?
Look at our room. Do you think we even have any space to eat?
Are we going to eat on our sofa?
Why can't we do that?
I can't talk with you at all.
This is embarrassing.
What? You're embarrassed?
You're embarrassed of me?
Ho Rang, is that all you can say to me?
Hey, stop.
Then what am I supposed to say? You can't understand me at all.
What's the use of going to a good college when you can't understand?
- Stop it. - What?
Is that really all you can say?
Then why don't you make it easy for me to understand?
Help me understand rather than acting crazy for not understanding.
Did you...
just call me...
crazy?
- Hey. - What?
Are you going to cry again?
Should I ask for forgiveness again?
- What? - I mean...
Why should I be the only one who's always sorry?
Why should I always care for your feelings only?
I'm so sick of it.
Darn it.
Don't go.
If you leave, we're over.
Stop drinking.
You told him that you wanted the sofa.
Won Seok bought it on the installment plan.
Why did you two...
go to a jewelry shop earlier?
What?
I went there to change my watch strap.
Won Seok paid for it too, you know.
He wanted to thank me for moving the sofa with him.
There's no one like Won Seok.
He's really good to you.
Proposal.
You went too far today.
You shouldn't have done that in front of us.
Do you know how many stores he went to?
Proposal...
I thought he was going to propose to me.
It's not like I literally wanted that sofa.
I wanted a big house where that sofa can fit in.
He said he's sorry for making me wait for so long.
That's why I thought...
he was going to propose to me.
Ho Rang's dream has been the same since she was 17 years old.
It's been over seven years already.
The youngest of my restaurant is getting married too.
And I can't get married when I'm already 30.
Being a good mother.
My fallopian tubes are getting old too.
My womb is aging.
I can't stand this.
Hey! Stop crying. That's enough.
Marriage is nothing.
What? Nothing?
You mean it?
Of course, someone who's so successful like you...
must think marriage is nothing.
But for a penniless girl like me,
marriage is everything.
That's the goal of my life!
That's not what I meant.
Is your fallopian tube your everything?
Is your womb your identity?
Why are you trying to sell yourself with marriage?
That's because all I have is this womb. Is that wrong?
Hey, Ho Rang. Don't be sarcastic.
Why do you hear it wrong?
Stop showing off! You're such a major turn off!
Crazy witch. Your insanity is getting you again.
Gosh, seriously.
Where are you going?
I can't stand to be here anymore.
- I'll get going first. - Soo Ji! Soo Ji!
Hey, Soo Ji!
Gosh. Wait a minute.
Soo Ji.
Ji Ho, do you know what kind of a day I had?
I got off work early today unlike other days,
but I had to be dragged around by Won Seok to buy the sofa.
And I even cleaned the room for her.
Should I also stand her being crazy on me?
I know. Ho Rang did wrong today.
So stop being mad,
and talk to her face-to-face.
If you leave like this,
Ho Rang will be so lonely today.
Loneliness only comes if you have time.
I'm disappointed in her because she's being hysterical...
to a friend who doesn't even have time to sleep.
- Excuse me, Ji Ho. - Oh, just get it.
Yes, Mr. Lee.
Really? Were you looking for me?
In high school, Soo Ji's dream was to become a CEO.
She wanted to be a CEO in whatever field she chooses.
No, of course not. There's nothing more important than you, Mr. Lee.
She's always been the center of her life. She was always awesome.
That's how she was like.
Okay, okay. I'll see you soon.
I think I need to return to the office.
Right now? At this hour?
I'm just an employee. I can't choose not to.
He's an important client,
and he holds so much grudge if I miss a get-together.
Soo Ji wanted to become a CEO,
but now, she's just an employee...
who answers to her boss.
Ho Rang's only dream was to be married.
But she's been dating the same guy for 5 years...
and living with him for 2 years.
And I decided to...
marry my landlord...
to live in Seoul.
Did you talk about it well?
Did your friends take the news well?
No.
I couldn't talk to them yet. Things got in the way.
By the way,
what do your friends do?
I mean,
what are their jobs and...
what are they like?
They just work in the office or they are married.
Some of them run their own business.
They are just normal like others.
"Like others". I see.
I was just wondering...
where we were.
I'm just thinking.
It looks like everyone's trying really hard.
But no one knows if they are...
getting closer to achieve what they want or not.
It's just hard to know.
So I was just wondering what it's like to get what you want...
and how they got it.
That's why I asked you about them.
You shouldn't ask something like that to others.
Things are different these days.
As you know,
the market is saturated or depleted these days.
The world is not going to get better in that way.
So there should be a new standard...
for the new generation.
- For example... - Marriage?
Is that you want to talk about?
Yes.
The world is not going to be a better place.
That also means my life is not going to get better.
I shouldn't be looking forward to the better future.
I might be living to avoid the worst thing...
that could happen tomorrow.
Bye.
Wait.
I was thinking about the regulations...
to manage our marriage.
I do think the most important things about our marriage are...
efficiency and the financial situation.
That's right. I totally agree with you.
So I want to suggest...
to skip things that can incur expenses.
So the wedding ceremony is...
Of course, we will skip that part.
The expenses and the procedures for our marriage will...
be limited to our first family meeting.
I think so too.
Yes, definitely.
You don't...
(Stop dreaming)
marry someone for love anymore.
That's for the rich people these days.
Now we are...
Didn't we say...
we weren't doing anything?
I think we did.
We just want to...
live normally.
To do that,
we have to do something.
(Because This is My First Life)
Who made a bet on I'm gay?
Who thought I was straight?
How about asexual?
I'm getting married.
- When did you start dating him? - What?
Since we are having a relationship of the landlord and a tenant,
I feel very uncomfortable for you to ask me to do things.
Why do I have to talk about it when I'm done with him anyway?
You can tell that to him.
She was deeply hurt.
Why is it not enough?
You don't have to worry about my dad.
Isn't that too much?
It's my wedding. So I have to be there.
I want the wedding to be short and plain.